Perfect beginning repertoire for the student of classical guitar. These immensely popular pieces have provided a foundation for generations of guitarists. The pieces are short, melodic, easy to learn, and are played entirely in the 1st position. An excellent supplement to any classical guitar method!
These 24 easy exercises for guitar are excellent for beginner guitar players, of all traditions (classical and steel-string) to build technique and sight-reading skills. Note: this edition is printed without finger markings; the player is encouraged to make his own. If you want one with finger markings, please find another version. Please also note that this version does not include tablature.
The guitar lessons of Julio Sagreras are among the most universally used collections of guitar music and represent a milestone in didactic guitar literature. This book, which includes the first three volumes of the original six-volume series, is an ideal introduction to classical guitar playing as well as to Latin American guitar music. Text written in English and Spanish with French and German translations in an appendix at the back of the book.
Taking on prominent thinkers who argue that music is nothing more than an evolutionary accident, Levitin poses that music is fundamental to our species, perhaps even more so than language. A Los Angeles Times Book Award finalist, This Is Your Brain on Music will attract readers of Oliver Sacks and David Byrne, as it is an unprecedented, eye-opening investigation into an obsession at the heart of human nature.
Discover the fascinating and often humorous stories of twenty famous musicians--people of all shapes, sizes, temperaments, and lifestyles, from various countries and historical periods. Beginning with Vivaldi and ending with Woodie Guthrie, Lives of the Musicians brings musical history to life!
In The Musician's Way, veteran performer and educator Gerald Klickstein combines the latest research with his 30 years of professional experience to provide aspiring musicians with a roadmap to artistic excellence. Part I, Artful Practice, describes strategies to interpret and memorize compositions, fuel motivation, collaborate, and more. Part II, Fearless Performance, lifts the lid on the hidden causes of nervousness and shows how musicians can become confident performers. Part III, Lifelong Creativity, surveys tactics to prevent music-related injuries and equips musicians to tap their own innate creativity. Written in a conversational style, The Musician's Way presents an inclusive system for all instrumentalists and vocalists to advance their musical abilities and succeed as performing artists.
Ted Gioia's History of Jazz has been universally hailed as a classic--acclaimed by jazz critics and fans around the world. Now Gioia brings his magnificent work completely up-to-date, drawing on the latest research and revisiting virtually every aspect of the music, past and present.    Gioia tells the story of jazz as it had never been told before, in a book that brilliantly portrays the legendary jazz players, the breakthrough styles, and the world in which it evolved. Here are the giants of jazz and the great moments of jazz history--Jelly Roll Morton, Louis Armstrong, Duke Ellington at the Cotton Club, cool jazz greats such as Gerry Mulligan, Stan Getz, and Lester Young, Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie's advocacy of modern jazz in the 1940s, Miles Davis's 1955 performance at the Newport Jazz Festival, Ornette Coleman's experiments with atonality, Pat Metheny's visionary extension of jazz-rock fusion, the contemporary sounds of Wynton Marsalis, and the post-modernists of the current day. Gioia provides the reader with lively portraits of these and many other great musicians, intertwined with vibrant commentary on the music they created. He also evokes the many worlds of jazz, taking the reader to the swamp lands of the Mississippi Delta, the bawdy houses of New Orleans, the rent parties of Harlem, the speakeasies of Chicago during the Jazz Age, the after hours spots of corrupt Kansas city, the Cotton Club, the Savoy, and the other locales where the history of jazz was made. And as he traces the spread of this protean form, Gioia provides much insight into the social context in which the music was born.
The Magic of Mariachi / La Magia del Mariachi is a fascinating book that combines two disciplines – art and poetry – creating a treasure of lyrical poetry and strikingly beautiful paintings of mariachi musicians. The twenty four poems, written in English and skillfully translated into Spanish, were created in response to each of the twenty-four works of art in the book.
Six Silver Moonbeams is a comprehensive and authoritative biography of the world's greatest guitarist/composer, Agustin Pio Barrios (1885-1944), also known as Nitsuga Mangore. This extensive treatment of Barrios' life and music brings to light many fats about the amazing "Paganini of the Guitar from the jungles of Paraguay" - his travels, concerts, recordings, poetry, sketches as well as previously unpublished music. The culmination of many years of research in the field by guitarist/ethnomusicologist Richard D. "Rico" Stover, Six Silver Moonbeams is a major contribution to the history of the guitar and Latin American Culture.
42 of the most famous classics arranged for simplified piano. These enchanting melodies supply students of the first and second levels of study with an introduction to the world's finest music.
